Add a guide for economic buyers (#42460)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/index.mdx

---

> title: Introduction to Teleport
> description: Provides an overview of the purpose and benefits of Teleport Access Platform, which allows you to implement Zero Trust for all of your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Introduction to the Teleport Access Platform: Zero Trust Security for Your Infrastructure
description: Explore an overview of the Teleport Access Platform. Learn how to implement Zero Trust Security across all your infrastructure for enhanced protection and streamlined access control.
```
SEO optimized

Author: "Explore" seemed like too strong a word here. I've suggested "Read".

enable users to authenticate to resources using Single Sign-On providers like
Okta, and Teleport itself can act as an identity provider for external services.
Connectivity takes place through short-lived credentials that Teleport
components verify through strong cryptographic techniques.

Get started with Teleport Access:

- [Enroll resources](agents/introduction.mdx) to protect with Teleport using
  cryptographic identity.
- [Set up passwordless authentication](access-controls/guides/passwordless.mdx)
  to enable users to access resources with hardware keys, including biometric
  credentials like Touch ID and YubiKey Bio.
- [Integrate your Single Sign-On provider](access-controls/sso.mdx): Allow users
  to access infrastructure resources with IdPs like Okta.
- [Use Teleport as an identity provider](access-controls/idps/saml-guide.mdx) to
  authenticate to external services.
- [Issue and govern identities for automated
  systems](machine-id/introduction.mdx) using Machine ID.

### Teleport Identity

**Teleport Identity** is an add-on to Teleport Access that offers identity
governance and security for all of your infrastructure. You can provide users

> less-privileged roles by default, requiring any user who wants additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with less-privileged roles by default, requiring any user who wants additional
```

more, letting you contain the security incident with minimal disruption. An
audit log provides visibility into access patterns, so you can identify weak
restrictions and potential security breaches.

Get started with Teleport Identity:

- [Access Requests](./access-controls/access-requests.mdx): Temporarily
  provision minimal privileges to complete a task.
- [Access Lists](./access-controls/access-lists.mdx): Regularly audit and
  control membership to specific roles and traits, which then tie easily back
  into Teleport's existing RBAC system.
- [Device Trust](./access-controls/device-trust.mdx): Require an up-to-date,
  registered device for each authentication by giving every device a
  cryptographic identity. 
- [Session & Identity Locks](./access-controls/guides/locking.mdx): Lock
  suspicious or compromised identities and stop all their activity across all
  protocols and services.
- [Access Monitoring](./access-controls/access-monitoring.mdx): Detect overly
  broad privileges and inspect sessions that are not using strong protection,
  such as multi-factor authentication and Device Trust.

### Teleport Policy

> **Teleport Policy** unifies and controls access policies across all of your
> infrastructure. With Teleport Access Graph, you can get insight into role-based
> access control policies, including in Teleport and your cloud provider. 

Reviewer: Minor nit to improve readability...

```suggestion
**Teleport Policy** unifies and controls access policies across all your infrastructure. With Teleport Access Graph, you gain insights into role-based access control policies within Teleport and your cloud provider.
```

Get started with [Teleport Access Graph](access-controls/access-graph.mdx).

## Architecture

The Teleport Access Platform consists of a certificate authority and
identity-aware access proxy that run either on the Teleport-managed cloud or, in
special cases, a self-hosted private network. 

> Teleport Agents, which the user deploys on Linux servers or Kubernetes, proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Teleport Agents, which are deployed on Linux servers or Kubernetes clusters, proxy
```

Author: I've suggested "can run" to avoid raising questions of how the deployment works

access to infrastructure resources and cloud provider APIs. Users authenticate

> to infrastructure resources through Teleport agents using short-lived

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to infrastructure resources through Teleport Agents using short-lived
```

> certificates. Certificates indicate Teleport role membership, allowing Teleport

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certificates. Certificates embed Teleport user attributes, allowing Teleport
```

> Agents to enforce role-based access-controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Agents to enforce role-based access controls.
```
